SUMMARY
Correct output on supplied test cases     1.0  Mark.
Correct output on hidden test cases       0.6  Mark.
Parse command line with getopt            0.1  Boolean.
Parse file with ctype.h                   0.1  Boolean.
Parse file with strsep or similar         0.1  Boolean.
Adaptive malloc for rules                 0.1  Boolean.
                                         -----
                                          2.0

NOTES
Correct output on supplied test cases: 1.0 marks.
The output and error output of your program is compared with expected
output. Any significant differences count as a failed test.

Correct output on hidden test cases: 0.6 marks.
The output and error output of your program is compared with expected
output. Any significant differences count as a failed test.

Parse command line with getopt: 0.1 marks.
The command line should be parsed using the system library call
getopt. An option other than -h must be parsed to earn this point.
This is a pass/fail marking item.  Either you are awarded the maximum
mark of 0.1 for satisfying the item, or you are awarded 0.0.

Parse file with ctype.h: 0.1 marks.
Parsing the dmake file should use one or more character type checks
defined in ctype.h.  This is a pass/fail marking item.  Either you are
awarded the maximum mark of 0.1 for satisfying the item, or you are
awarded 0.0.

Parse file with strsep or similar: 0.1 marks.
Parsing the dmake file should use strtok, strtok_r, strsep, strchr,
strspn, strpbrk, strstr or similar library calls.  This is a pass/fail
marking item.  Either you are awarded the maximum mark of 0.1 for
satisfying the item, or you are awarded 0.0.

Adaptive malloc for rules: 0.1 marks.
Parsed data from the dmake file should be stored in dynamically
allocated memory. The amount of memory should vary depending on the
amount of rules data.  This is a pass/fail marking item.  Either you
are awarded the maximum mark of 0.1 for satisfying the item, or you
are awarded 0.0.

Total mark is out of 2.0.
