SUMMARY
Correct output on supplied test cases     0.8  Less 0.1 per error.
Correct output on hidden test cases       0.8  Less 0.1 per error.
Rename to save target                     0.1  Boolean.
Rename to restore target                  0.1  Boolean.
Compare using open+read                   0.1  Boolean.
Stat detect size differences              0.1  Boolean.
                                         -----
                                          2.0

NOTES
Correct output on supplied test cases: 0.8 marks.
The output and error output of your program is compared with expected
output. Any significant differences count as a failed test.  The mark
is reduced by 0.1 for each error, up to a maximum of 8 errors when the
mark becomes 0.0.

Correct output on hidden test cases: 0.8 marks.
The output and error output of your program is compared with expected
output. Any significant differences count as a failed test.  The mark
is reduced by 0.1 for each error, up to a maximum of 8 errors when the
mark becomes 0.0.

Rename to save target: 0.1 marks.
If a target exists and the rule is being fired then rename should be
used to save the target.  This is a pass/fail marking item.  Either
you are awarded the maximum mark of 0.1 for satisfying the item, or
you are awarded 0.0.

Rename to restore target: 0.1 marks.
If a rebuilt target is the same as the saved target, then rename
should be used to restore the saved target.  This is a pass/fail
marking item.  Either you are awarded the maximum mark of 0.1 for
satisfying the item, or you are awarded 0.0.

Compare using open+read: 0.1 marks.
Unix system calls for file comparison: use open on the files and read
blocks of at least 100 bytes.  This is a pass/fail marking item.
Either you are awarded the maximum mark of 0.1 for satisfying the
item, or you are awarded 0.0.

Stat detect size differences: 0.1 marks.
Use the stat system call to check the size of files being compared and
avoid reading them when unequal sizes.  This is a pass/fail marking
item.  Either you are awarded the maximum mark of 0.1 for satisfying
the item, or you are awarded 0.0.

Total mark is out of 2.0.
